Explicit package declarations should require root package declaration (#380)
WebAssembly/component-model: design/mvp/WIT.md

files must specify a package name. Multiple files can specify the `package`,
though they must all agree on what the package name is.

> Additionally, many packages can be declared consecutively in one or more files, if the "explicit" package notation is used:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, many packages can be declared consecutively in one or more files, if the following nested package notation is used:
```

Reviewer: Just thinking of what we want the official terminology to be here, I don't think "explicit" is quite right.  "Nested" seems a bit more intuitive to me.

Author: Yeah I've noticed that it strikes people as counterintuitive.  I've also been considering "scoped".

}
```

> It is worth noting that when defining packages "explicitly" with a scope, that it does not remove the need for the "root" package declaration above. That is, there must be a single "root" package that is the container of all such "explicitly" defined packages. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is worth noting that defining nested packages does not remove the need for the "root" package declaration above. These nested package definitions simply provide the contents of other packages inline so that they don't have to be otherwise resolved via the filesystem or a registry. 
```

Concretely, the structure of a `wit` file is:

```ebnf

> wit-file ::= package-decl? (package-items | explicit-package-definition)*
> 
> explicit-package-definition ::= package-decl '{' package-items* '}'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
wit-file ::= package-decl? (package-items | nested-package-definition)*

nested-package-definition ::= package-decl '{' package-items* '}'
```
